# Weekly Commits for 07/29/19  

## 7/29/19  

### Surgery Hands Paper  
- Write up related works <done> [categories: surgery_hands_paper, research]  
- Write up what I have for dataset <done> [categories: surgery_hands_paper, research]  

### UAD  
- Try to figure out why the loss isn't going down anymore [] [categories: uad, research]  
* Tried square mean loss, but this didn't work towar 
  

## 7/30/19  

### Surgery Hands  
Working on the paper more  
- Edit intro to include more context into why the hand tracking itself is difficult <done> [categories: surgery_hands_paper, research]  
- Add figure of the tool tracker, and update numbers in dataset as if Serena, plastic, vascular didn't exist <done> [categories: surgery_hands_paper, research]  

### UAD  
Switching from nn.HingeEmbeddingLoss to MarginRankingLoss  
* Seems like the hinge loss isn't doing that well (doesn't seem to be converging or getting smaller)  
* Margin ranking math seems to be what we want    
Changes for the above:  
* `mnist.py`: add the MarginRankingLoss as the criterion, which takes in three inputs (dist_a, dist_b, label (1 or -1))  
* `hype/nn.py`: Changing output to be the sign and the actual distances   

What else have I tried?  
* Set `args.train_x` to be true   
* Noticing something weird where the embeddings don't all seem to stay within a unit ball (at least visualized)  

With a very easy dataset (same segments each epoch, also the same representation, querying the same segment many times), get a nicer loss curve. The embedding visualization is a bit strange still however.  
* Want to see if there is hierarchy by including in the information what level the embedding is (including this in the tsv file?)   

## 7/31/19  

### UAD  
- Visualize the embedding levels by color, and the embedding content by shape? <done> [categories: UAD, research]  
To do so, in the embedding tsv, also just include the content (number and the direction) as well as the frame start and stop times? (can add hierarchy more easily in the analysis)   
- Implement the following in the labeled feature of the moving mnist <done> [categories: UAD, research]     
* For this, consider just including top-level (entire video) labels, e.g. <number> "1"; <initial direction> "0.5" 
  * Then for each segment, include the start and stop times, which can be represented by color  
  * The actual number can be represented by a shape 

For labeling, current labels and images seem to be misaligned?  
* There are 59992 labels but 60000 images (tensor dim: (60000, 1, 28, 28)) from the corresponding train image and label files.  
* Adjusting for this by subtracting 8 from each r  


Also try implementing the embeddings from the Nickel code? as a sanity check [] [categories: UAD, research]  



## 8/1/19  

## 8/2/19  

## 8/3/19  

## 8/4/19  

Other settings (like categories and their colors) can be found and edited in config.json.
