# Weekly Commits for 07/22/19  

## 7/22  

### Sample header - change this!  
Write logs or other notes here. Use ### for organizational sectioning.  
* To render markdown lists, use asterisks like this.  

Otherwise, to list commits or things to do that should render in your contribution calendar, do:  
- Example completed commit [done] [categories: sample_category]  
or
- Example not completed commit [] [categories: sample_category]  

## 7/23  
UAD  
- Implemented training code for moving MNIST [done] [categories: UAD, research]  
- Came up with loss function [done] [categories: UAD, research]  
* This loss function isn't updating correctly though... 

## 7/24  

Surgery Hands  
* We have a hand tracker in surgery videos!  

UAD (Unsupervised activity discovery)    
* Realized that there was an issue with the loss function? Not updating.  
* Also realized that poincare embedding through exponential map in the current setting does not seem to be that valid?  

## 7/25  
Realized that the loss function was probably not updating the model  
* Fixed segments such that they'd always sample in same order and it was always the same segments, and the loss was always the same  

Unsupervised Activity Discovery  
- Implemented code for visualizing embeddings by saving images - Fixed the transformation problem  

Lab Meeting  
* Few shot learning paper form june 12, 2019? Looking into combining few shot and self-supervised learning  

## 7/26  
- Got visual embeddings - saw the stuff but not convinced it's hierarchical  

- Also implemented working hinge loss, but then something was weird with cuda loss optimization  
* Finally got it working but feels like a cop out because used  
```
if use_cuda:
        torch.set_default_tensor_type('torch.cuda.FloatTensor')  
```


## 7/27  

## 7/28   

- Run marathon [done] [categories: life, health]  

### UAD  
- Figure out if RSGD (or Riemannian method) is necessary for implementing poincare [] [categories: UAD, research]  
- Related to above, figure out why the loss still doesn't seem to be going down.  


Other settings (like categories and their colors) can be found and edited in config.json.
