# Weekly Commits for 08/26/19  

## 8/26/19  

### Research   
For the actual inference, should probably save the model first. Then during sampling, can see what each frame is, and label it as a segment based on majority voting of its frame values  
* For actual visualization, load the sample features, along with the labels (may need to do index2label mapping), and save labels, number of frames, and 2D coordinates  
- Implement model checkpoint and inference saving, loading sample features, labels, save labels, number of frames, 2D coordinates [done] [categories: UAD, research, code]

For actual label voting, can probably create a method in segments that allows us to assign a label given the highest number 

## 8/27/19  

### Research
Figuring out the actual batch loading configuration. At the very beginning, the data loader just loads all possible videos. Then from there  
* Pretty sure the batch size should not be processed beforehand, because we load the samples themselves in as the dataloader.  

For some reason when you don't specify the length being equal to the `args.num_samples` you get nan's in the loss.  
* Right now if you set `num_samples=256` then it generates 256 samples per each video on load, then shuffles all of them during training, and finally for dataset loader loads them up shuffled  
* Can probably just do the same but add labels during evaluation / visualizing the embedding  

- Implement batched dataloader (right now just have mean) with padding [done] [categories: research, UAD, code]  

## 8/28/19  

### Research  
Seem to have discovered that for the negative loading with the entire dataset, that the features loaded are sometimes `nan`. Why is this the case only for when the entire dataset is specified? Does this have something to do with using the entire dataset, and also with the normalization procedure? 
- Fixed data loading bug that would lead to issues with specifying the dataset size. [done] [categories: UAD, research, code]  

## 8/29/19  

## 8/30/19  

### Research
- Begin editing and reviewing meta-learning paper for Meta-Learn paper [done] [categories: research, MPRL]  

## 8/31/19  

### Research
- Review relevant literature related to different MDPs [done] [categories: MPRL, research]

### Side Project
- Reorg data commit saving [done] [categories: code, side_projects, life-contributions]  
- Implement data schema for saving commits [done] [categories: code, side_projects, life-contributions]  

## 9/1/19  

Other settings (like categories and their colors) can be found and edited in config.json.