# Weekly Commits for 09/09/19  

## 9/9/19  

### School
- Finish CS 121 HW 0 <done> [categories: school, CS121]  
  * Mostly done. Just need to think of one more and finish writing up another.  
- Get up to speed with CS 121 logistics, see if there's any reading quizzes <done> [categories: school, CS121]  
- Do CS 61 Pset [] [categories: school, CS61]  
- Turn in intel STS form <done> [categories: logistics]  
- Review Stat 110 section notes [] [categories: school, STAT 110]  

### Life  
- Hackerrank / Leetcode [] [categories: life]  
- Study for GRE [] [categories: life]  

### Research  
- Incorporate edits from MetaLearn into Deep RL version <done> [categories: research, MPRL]  
- Make progress on embeddings [] [categories: research, UAD]  

### Logistics
- Email Erica about 2s stuff? [] [categories: logistics, work]  


## 9/10/19  

### School  
- Finish CS 121 HW 0 <done> [categories: school, CS121]
- Do CS 61 hw 0 to get better at c [] [categories: school, CS61]  
- Review Stat 110 section notes <done> [categories: school, Stat110] 
- Do CS 121 Reading Quiz <done> [categories: school, CS121] 

### Research  
- Review and submit paper to MetaLearn 2019 <done> [categories: research, MPRL]  

### Life  
- Register for the Cambridge Half Marathon <done> [categories: life, running]  
- Do Flagship audition <done> [categories: life, dance]  

### Logistics  
- Hackerrank / Leetcode <done> [categories: logistics]  
- GRE [] [categories: logistics]  
- PeopleSoft <done> [categories: logistics, work, TF]

Life is like things that are good for me. Logistics are like things that I just have to get done

## 9/11/19  

### Research  
The linear embedding problem doesn't seem to be a poincare (exponential map) problem? Maybe it still is, but when trying to do embeddings and not using poincare (the exponential map) it still seems to be linear. Which makes me think this is something else.

### Logistics  
- Learn more about the GRE <done> [categories: logistics, GRE]  
- Do 1 set of GRE questions from each section [] [categories: logistics, GRE]  
- Leetcode [] [categories: logistics, work, code]  

### School  
- Review / work on Stat 211 pset? (not out yet) [] [categories: school, Stat211]  
- Do CS 61 pset [] [categories: school, CS61]  
- Review and finish all the practice problems for Stat 110 <done> [categories: school, Stat110]  




## 9/12/19  

### School  
- Hold OH for Stat 110 <done> [categories: school, Stat110]  
- Attend OH for CS 61 <done> [categories: school, CS61]  

## 9/13/19  

### School
- Work on CS 61 pset, learn about stacks and heaps and data <done> [categories: school, CS61]  

## 9/14/19 

### Research  
- Try to figure out debugging problem with embeddings <done> [categories: research, UAD]   

### Life 
- Attend Taekwondo practice <done> [categories: life, taekwondo, friends]

## 9/15/19 

### Research  
- Figured out that a faster learning rate in current setup lead to more well-behaving embeddings <done> [categories: research, UAD]  

### School  
- Read CS 121 chapter and do the reading quiz <done> [categories: school, CS121]  
- Write out thesis proposal to share with Parkes, Murphy <done> [categories: school, research]  

### Logistics  
- Apply to jobs? [] [categories: logistics, work]  
- Respond to murphy email about the website <done> [categories: logistics]
 

Other settings (like categories and their colors) can be found and edited in config.json.
