# Weekly Commits for 09/02/19  

## 9/2/19  

### Class 
- Figure out classes to shop for the week <done> [categories: school]  

### Research  
- Work on metalearn 2019 paper <done> [categories: research]

## 9/3/19  

### School  
- Sign up for Stat 110 office hours <done> [categories: school]  
- Review materials for Stat 110 [] [categories: school]  

### Research  
- Work on metalearn 2019 paper (get 4 page first iteration draft) <done> [categories: research]  
- Fix hierarchical embeddings with linear [] [categories: research]

## 9/4/19  

### School  
- C++ / hw 0 review cs61 [] [categories: school]  
- Read stuff cs121 [] [categories: school]  
- Email Susan again, talk about submission, also thesis [] [categories: school, logistics]
  * Probably will just work in that place later today 

### Research   
- Work on mprl - share with Alex the metalearn iteration <done> [categories: research]  
- Work on mprl for Deep RL paper <done> [categories: research]  
  * Rewrote abstract, added the new edits in. Will Probably do another round of edits later thought

### More school
- meeting with parkes, ask about pass fail, grad school, reasonable to take easier coarseload <done> [categories: school, logistics]  
- uad: think about embedding, do classification / regression experiment on length, set up the downstream inference thing  
- leetcodes (30 min / 1 problem) [] [categories: life]  

App to recommend how well you feel?

Does embedding to center have something to do with the batch size and averaging?  

### More Research (UAD)  
Things to do include the actual inference (building off the hungarian algorithm thing), along with the other sanity checks / visualization boosts  

- Implement and run experiment on if a two-layer network can learn the differences between a short and long segment <done> [categories: UAD, research]  
  * Can either create labels on the fly with the label being an indicator for if it's over or under a threshold, so train with classification loss  
  * Alternatively actually have it predict how many segments it is, and train with regressor  

Seems like the actual loading label of the length of frames is already saved in the EvaluationDataset. We should just be able to load from here. 


- Save linkages? So if a segment is a subsegment of another variable, save some indicator of this (like a linkage connecting the two nodes)  

Figure out how to do the actual inference. Seems like as long as feeding in the embeddings works (so supplying an analog to the embeddings? There is that one thing about the clustering with time though).  

## 9/5/19 

### School  
- Read the CS 121 lecture on Math background <done> [categories: school, CS121]  
- Do CS61 stuff  
- Review Stat 110 section materials, or start working on the next section? (Should be able to do all the counting questions)  

### Research  
- Try to validate the classification experiment by actually observing the sequence lengths and their label (save them), and also the prediction result (save this too) [] [categories: research, UAD]  
- Fix notation / add better notation to distinguish trajectory vs task [] [categories: research, MPRL]
- see what happens if instead of encoding just the mean value, we include multiple (but they're still the same length, e.g. instead of 256 x 1 we'll have 256 x 10) [] [categories: research, UAD]  
 
 

## 9/6/19  

## 9/7/19  

## 9/8/19  

Other settings (like categories and their colors) can be found and edited in config.json.
