# Weekly Commits for 09/23/19  

## 9/23/19  

### Sample header - change this!  
Write logs or other notes here. Use ### for organizational sectioning.  
* To render markdown lists, use asterisks like this.  

Otherwise, to list commits or things to do that should render in your contribution calendar, do:  
- Example completed commit [done] [categories: sample_category]  
or
- Example not completed commit [] [categories: sample_category]  

## 9/24/19  

### Research  
Can try to run the kukleva code but don't segment on individual frames. Instead embed on segments of say length 10, and use the segment.get_label (max labels) for that label.  

- Caught bug in code with the negative sampling not being quite correct?  

To do actual evaluation, could try to embed the segments themselves. We could get the labels based the `get_label` method, which just assigns a segment a label if it's the most common one. Then cluster the segments. Finally can just label them somehow? Assign the probabilities to each cluster, and assign all the frames in that cluster to that cluster. Finally if there's overlap, we can do a max voting thing to get the cluster? 

Cluster with the test data points based on the embedding function, then see where each of them end up, assign the label with hungarian algo, and finally vote per segment?

Otherwise create the clusters with the training data, then assign the embedded test data points to the clusters based on the probabilities, do much of the same afterward?

Also need 

## 9/25/19   

### School  

#### AM 207  
One good thing to keep in mind is that uniformly samping from the range (0, 1) leads to different draws along the CDF curve, and if there are more values around the center of the distribution, then this will reflect with the points on the curve landing up similarly close to each other on the x-axis 

## 9/26/19  

## 9/27/19  

## 9/28/19  

## 9/29/19  

Other settings (like categories and their colors) can be found and edited in config.json.
